Plan
================
2023-03-18

## Introduction to Git-Hub

–\> get started/ setting up Git-hub, for details take a look here:
https://malikaihle.github.io/Introduction-RStudio-Git-GitHub/ –\> Also
look for Help at this Tutorial:
https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/hello-world 1.Forking
an existing Repo -\> “Code” -\> “Open in Github Desktop” -\> You now
should have your own lokal version of the repository -\> you can now
upload your cloned repo in your online Git-hub 2.Creating a Branch in an
existing Repo -\> “Main” -\> either choose an existing branch other than
the main branch, or create a new branch (preferably with a name saying
what its for) 3.Creating a new file - including a model in Lavaan -\>
“Add file” or upload code from R-Studio/ Vs Code 4.Create a pull request
from the branch to the main branch –\> For detailed instructions for
steps 1-4 take a look here:
https://malikaihle.github.io/Collaborative-RStudio-GitHub/

5.Collaboratively combine the different models in one model all together
6.Use Issues to communicate problems that might occure \* tag the others
in the issues to keep them updated and to make them aware of the issue
\* assign someone to a project \* discuss the issues, using the
commentary function beneath the issues 7.open PR based on those issues
\* PR reviewen \* PR revisen \* PR mergen \* PR merge conflicts beheben
\* PR in project management software

You should by then be owner of your repository, should be collaborating
on the merged repository, and ideally should have reviewed repositories,
when issues came up(owner, collaborator, reviewer).

7.Transfering the Models from lavaan into Stenograph –\> Find the
Stenographs package here: https://github.com/aaronpeikert/StenoGraphs.jl
-\> open VS-Code -\> create a new script and select Julia as language
-\> install the package
